Usefull Notes:

Spells
Each player has a magic gauge.
At the start of the game, the gauge is empty, but it increases by 1 point on every turn.
A player can have up to 100 magic points at any given time.
If a player has enough magic points, one of their wizards may use a spell instead of a MOVE or THROW command.
A wizard may cast any of the following spells:

OBLIVIATE id 	The wizard's team is invisible to the target bludger.
Magic cost 	5
Duration 	3
Spell target 	Bludgers
Details 	Both of your wizards can no longer be targeted by the Bludger id for the next 3 turns. The Bludger will stop chasing you if it was already targeting one of your wizards.

PETRIFICUS id 	The target entity is immediately frozen to a standstill.
Magic cost 	10
Duration 	1
Spell target 	Bludgers, Snaffles, Opponent wizards
Details 	The speed vector of the entity id is set to 0 on the next turn.

ACCIO id 	The target entity is pulled towards the wizard.
Magic cost 	20
Duration 	6
Spell target 	Bludgers, Snaffles
Details 	For the next 6 turns, a force pulls the entity id towards the wizard. This force decreases in proportion to the square of the distance.

FLIPENDO id 	The target entity is pushed away from the wizard.
Magic cost 	20
Duration 	3
Spell target 	Bludgers, Snaffles, Opponent wizards
Details 	For the next 3 turns, a force pushes the entity id away from the wizard. This force decreases in proportion to the square of the distance.

Expert Rules

    To grabs a Snaffle, the distance between the center of the Snaffle and the wizard must be less than or equal to the wizard's radius - 1.
    To score, the center of a Snaffle must go over the goal line.
    When a wizard grabs a Snaffle, it is not subject to collisions or spells for the rest of the turn.
    When a wizard grabs a Snaffle, it is immediately placed on the same position as the wizard and will adopt the same speed vector as the wizard.
    If a wizard drops a Snaffle, it will keep the inertia provided by the wizard's speed vector.
    When a wizard grabs a Snaffle, he cannot grab another until 3 turns have passed.
    When a wizard casts a spell, the effect of the spell starts on the next turn.
    All collisions are elastic. For technical reasons, a minimal impulse of 100 is applied to colliding entities if their speed is too low (doesn't apply when colliding with map edges).
    The mass of the entites are as follows:
    Wizard 	1
    Snaffle 	0.5
    Bludger 	8

Each turn, the movement of entites is computed as followed:

    Thrust: the normalized vector between the entity's position and destination is multiplied by the thrust power. The result is added to the current speed vector.
    Spell power: the normalized vector between the entity's position and where the spell is directed towards is multiplied by the spell's power. The result is added to the current speed vector.
    The order in which spells are computed in this order: Petrificus, Accio, Flipendo.
    The power of Accio is:

    MIN( 3000 / ( Dist / 1000 )2, 1000 )
    The power of Flipendo is:

    MIN( 6000 / ( Dist / 1000 )2, 1000 )
    where Dist is the distance between the targeted entity and the wizard who cast the spell. If Dist is zero, the spell has no effect.
    Movement: The speed vector is added to the position of the entity to compute its new position. If a collision occurs during the movement, the entities rebound off one another.
    Friction: the speed vector is multiplied by a constant.
    0.75 for wizards,
    0.9 for Bludgers and
    0.75 for Snaffles.
    The speed's values and the position's values are rounded using the "round half away from zero" method. For example, 23.5 gets rounded to 24, and −23.5 gets rounded to −24
